docs: Adding Clickhouse blueprint doc (#522)
awslabs/data-on-eks: website/docs/blueprints/distributed-databases/clickhouse.md

**Some key benefits of Clickhouse include:**

* Real-Time Analytics: ClickHouse can handle real-time data ingestion and analysis, making it suitable for use cases such as monitoring, logging, and event data processing.
* High Performance: ClickHouse is optimized for analytical workloads, providing fast query execution and high throughput.
* Scalability: ClickHouse is designed to scale horizontally across multiple nodes, allowing users to store and process petabytes of data across a distributed cluster. It supports sharding and replication for high availability and fault tolerance.
* Column-Oriented Storage: ClickHouse organizes data by columns rather than rows, which allows for efficient compression and faster query processing, especially for queries that involve aggregations and scans of large datasets.
* SQL Support: ClickHouse supports a subset of SQL, making it familiar and easy to use for developers and analysts who are already familiar with SQL-based databases.
* Integrated Data Formats: ClickHouse supports various data formats, including CSV, JSON, Apache Avro, and Apache Parquet, making it flexible for ingesting and querying different types of data.

> **To deploy Clickhouse on EKS**, we recommend this [Clickhouse on EKS blueprint](https://github.com/Altinity/terraform-aws-eks-clickhouse) from Altinity, an AWS Partner who owns the [Clickouse Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/Altinity/clickhouse-operator). If you have any issues with the blueprint or operator, please raise them on the corresponding Altinity GitHub repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To deploy Clickhouse on EKS**, we recommend this [Clickhouse on EKS blueprint](https://github.com/Altinity/terraform-aws-eks-clickhouse) from Altinity, an AWS Partner who maintains the [Clickouse Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/Altinity/clickhouse-operator). If you have any issues with the blueprint or operator, please create an issue on the corresponding Altinity GitHub repository. 
```
